Add filter-elastic_integration to LSR filter index for 8.11 (#1582)
elastic/logstash-docs: docs/plugins/filters.asciidoc

| <<plugins-filters-dns,dns>> | Performs a standard or reverse DNS lookup | https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-dns[logstash-filter-dns]
| <<plugins-filters-drop,drop>> | Drops all events | https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-drop[logstash-filter-drop]
| <<plugins-filters-elapsed,elapsed>> | Calculates the elapsed time between a pair of events | https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-elapsed[logstash-filter-elapsed]

> | <<plugins-filters-elastic_integration,elastic_integration>> | Provides additional processing for Elastic integrations | https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration[logstash-filter-elastic_integration]

Author: ```suggestion
| <<plugins-filters-elastic_integration,elastic_integration>> | Provides additional {ls} processing for Elastic integrations | https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration[logstash-filter-elastic_integration]
```

> | <<plugins-filters-elastic_integration,elastic_integration>> | Provides additional {ls} processing for Elastic integrations | https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration[logstash-filter-elastic_integration]

Author: ```suggestion
| <<plugins-filters-elastic_integration,elastic_integration>> | Provides additional {ls} processing on data from Elastic integrations | https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration[logstash-filter-elastic_integration]
```
